#summary Version 2.0.0b13

=Version 2.0.0b13=
==Released March 1st 2013==

  * The input window sizes haven't been saved for some time, but now will be again. Reported by qa'toq, among others.
  * Fixed a potential bug in the SOCKS4 proxy code. Reported by Paige.
  * An unanchored regexp in a utility function was causing a fun, hard-to-find bug in the Slash Command config window. Reported by KimikoMuffin.
  * When you add a new /command, it will be enabled by default. Suggested by KimikoMuffin.
  * Added support for Overtype mode in text frames, toggled on and off with the Insert key. When on, anything you type will replace the character after the cursor, instead of appearing before it. Requested by Emi.
  * Pressing Return without typing anything will now send a blank line, instead of doing nothing. Useful for MUDs/MOOs/etc which ask you to press Return as a confirmation. Requested by Emi.
  * The Help → About window now shows the version of Potato being used, as well as some information about the machine it's running on and the versions of Tcl and various loaded packages, for easier debugging. Suggested by Paige.
  * Added a 'Connect to World' button in the Address Book.
  * Select to Copy is now a global option, not per-world, as it should have been all along. Suggested by spork.
  * When worlds are saved, the files now have more user-friendly names, based on the name of the world (MyMUSH-123.wld instead of just world123.wld).
  * The Upload File window could give an error when uploading extremely small files.
  * The potato.startup file was no longer working. Reported by Paige.
  * A potentially nasty bug when cancelling an attempted connection through a proxy has been fixed. Reported by Paige.
  * Potato is now extra-super-duper careful about not leaving dead connections (particularly to proxies) open.
  * When you cancel a connection attempt before the connection is established, Potato now tells you, instead of leaving it looking like it's trying to connect forever.
  * When picking an ambiguous world name, /connect now always picks the one that comes first alphabetically, as it was always supposed to.
  * Added the TLS package for Mac OS X to the source download, to ensure SSL connections are always available.
  * SSL support was broken when using TLS 1.5. Despite the fact it's insanely old, some Linux package managers still provide it instead of TLS 1.6, so since I'm nice (and since Cheetah bugged me) we try to accomodate it.
  * You can now drag-and-drop worlds in the Address Book to add them to groups.
  * The Activity Window, next to the input windows, now shows the world name including character name. Suggested by SmackedFerret.
  * Added an option to hide the input windows on the main screen; useful for small screen sizes. Suggested by Paige.
  * Fixed a couple of bugs related to connection stats, and improved the appearance of the Stats window.
  * Added a new option to [SlashCommandsLimit /command], `-spawn <spawn>`, which copies the matching output to a new spawn window instead of filtering it in the main window. Suggested by Paige.
  * Fixed a minor bug in /limit.
  * Character names in the [FileMenu File] → *Connect To...* menu are now in alphabetical order. Suggested by ffivfan.
  * Added a new option in the Log Window to log echoed input. (You must still have 'Echo Sent Commands?' enabled in the [ConfigureWorldsDisplayMisc World Configuration].) Suggested by Emi.
  * Logfiles were always created using utf-8, rather than the correct charset for that connection.
  * Custom /commands can now have single-character names. Requested by Kimiko.
  * Scrolling on the home screen was broken - it didn't always scroll with the mousewheel, and clicking a link when you were scrolled down did nothing.
  * The TinyURL code is now slightly simpler, and more in line with TinyURL's API Terms of Use.
  * Binaries are now built with a slightly different build of Tcl, which contains more complete timezone data. Fixes an issue reported by qa'toq.
  * The keypad Enter key didn't work the same as the Return key on Linux. Reported by Julianna Rogers.
  
  * Potato binaries are now built using Tcl/Tk 8.6.0, and some tweaks have been made to take advantage of new features in 8.6. If you're running Potato from source, it's recommended you [http://www.activestate.com/activetcl update your Tcl install] - the features listed below rely on it.
  * Support for connecting to IPv6 addresses.
  * On MacOS X, Potato will now bounce the application dock icon when there's new activity.
  * Possibly-better-looking tooltips on X11.
  * New font selection dialogs, using the native dialogs on Windows and MacOS X.
  
Many thanks to Yuriko and Minion for help testing the MacOS changes, and to Yuriko for building the Mac-specific extensions and Potato binary.
