#summary Version 2.0.0b8
=Version 2.0.0b8=
==Unreleased==

  * A new Help window, with lots of new and updated helpfiles.
  * MUSH passwords are now obfusticated on save.
  * Added Prefixes/Auto-Says, which can be accessed via the Edit menu, or the /setprefix command. Use `/send <text>` to send text without the prefix. Requested by Nathan Corbier.
  * Added a window (accessed via the File menu) for viewing MSSP info from the MUSH.
  * The Debug Packets window now uses the normal world colours.
  * You can now use 'Disconnect' to cancel auto-reconnect again.
  * You can now configure which Telnet options are negotiated. (Note that these options only take after the next reconnect.)
  * It's now possible to have multiple logfiles open per-connection at the same time.
  * Added the /at command, to send input at some point in the future. Syntax: `/at <time>=<input>`. `<input>` can be a /command.
  * Added /cancelat to cancel a previously entered /at.
  * Added support for Macros. Define macros via the Options menu, and run with `/run <macro>`.
  * Disabling/re-enabling Timers didn't work correctly. Reported by Paige.
  * You can now define multiple characters for each world, choose which to connect to, and set a default to connect to.
  * When Echo Input was enabled, connection strings were echoed with passwords visible. Now they're elided.
  * The ANSI parsing routine has been rewritten, for better parsing of XTerm/FANSI color codes. Reported by Paige.
  * Added the `/silent` command, which runs another /command but suppresses its success/error messages. Example: `/silent /at 1s=/print foo`.
  * The customizable 'F2' command didn't work due to a typo. Reported by Brev@ElendorMUSH.
  * Due to an encoding issue, Potato would mistake all y-umlaut characters for telnet IACs, even if they weren't. Much thanks to Brazil for finding this.
  * As a side effect of the encoding fix, the "Auto" option for MU`*` Type is no longer available.
  * You can now use %0-%9 subs for matched subexpressions in the "Spawn To" field for events. This means that, for instance, an Event pattern of `<*> *` and a "Spawn To" of `%0` would spawn anything said on the Public channel to the "Public" spawn, on Softcode to the "Softcode" spawn, etc. Suggested by Merin.
  * Bugs in `/limit` fixed. Found by Paige and Cheetah.
  * Shift-Return saves the current text to the Input History without sending it to the MUSH. (Keybinding cannot currently be customised, hopefully later.) Suggested by BlackRookSix.
  * Bug in spellchecking when all words are spelled correctly fixed. Reported by Paige.
  * Events which recoloured text to "ANSI Highlight" failed. Reported by Javelin.
  * Removed all BG Highlight options for events, since BG highlighting is (correctly) no longer possible.
  * Potato now remembers the last window position, and attempts to reopen at the same size/position. The "Start Maximized?" config option overrides this. From a suggestion by Javelin.
  * Added /tinyurl, which turns URLs into shorter URLs using a website like TinyURL.com (you can pick from a few similar sites). From a suggestion by Paige.
  * Bugfix in the Mail Window when using Multi-Command +Mail format. Also, added a new format for posting to Myrddin's BB system. And fields (CC, BCC, etc) which are not used by the current mail format are now greyed out. Suggested by Paige.
  * The /grab command is now added automatically for any new world created, instead of existing as a Global Custom /command. Also, we now create a matching event for it (which works for MUSHes) automatically, too, so that /grab works out of the box.
