#summary Version 2.0.0b11
=Version 2.0.0b11=
==Not Yet Released==

  * When switching to another window and then back to Potato, the focus automatically goes to an input window (if it wasn't there already). Suggested by jdnightwalker.
  * Rewritten some of the ANSI parsing code, and the way in which Events are matched, so it works better. Among other things, two separate Events can now alter different parts of a line, and one Event can match several times in the same line. Suggested by Noc Mosher.
  * When running on Linux, you can now launch Potato via main.tcl without being in the potato.vfs directory. By Cheetah.
  * New feature in Events that allows replacing the matched portion of text with something else. Suggested by Null and Paige.
  * [SlashCommands /commands] now have return values and can be nested. Some small tweaks to existing /commands have been made to accommodate this, including the replacement of the $var$ syntax with a new /command, `[/get var]`.
  * [SlashCommands /commands] can now have multi-line arguments (via nesting). As such, the rather crappy 'single mode', that you probably didn't know existed and never used, has now been removed.
  * [ConfigureWorldsAutoSends Auto-Sends] are now parsed for [SlashCommands /commands].
  * Potato can now understand and display [ConfigureWorldsConnectionTelnet Prompts], using the Telnet GOAHEAD (as per PennMUSH's @prompt command). Prompts are displayed on the status bar, and also at the end of the output window.
  * Password obfustication was broken, causing some passwords to be loaded incorrectly. Reported by James, found by Cheetah. You may find that you need to re-enter some of your passwords once after updating.
  * URLs in Spawn windows weren't correctly clickable. Reported by jgugelsen.
  * It's now possible to use just about any keys you like for Customized Keyboard Bindings. However, Potato doesn't recommend using cursor keys, or key combinations that produce printable characters, and will warn if you attempt to do so. Suggested by Cheetah.
  * New option allows disabling the 256 XTERM colours. When enabled, they are automatically converted to the standard 16 ANSI colour palette. Downgrade mappings provided by Padraic.
  * Removed the white background from the 16x16 icon on Windows. Requested by quite a few people.
  * The fields in [Events] which previously used %0-%9 for variables no longer do. Instead, they can be parsed for [SlashCommands /commands], and thus have access to `/get`. Potato will attempt to update existing events automatically.
  * The connection code has been completely rewritten; many new features had been bolted onto the original code, causing it to break down in certain circumstances. Now it's far less hacky. Various issues reported by Paige.
  * The 'Visit Potato Website' option now takes you to the Google Code site, instead of potatomushclient.com - all the domain does now is link you to the Google Code site, anyway. Suggested by qa'toq.
  * Code for loading translations of messages has been improved, and translations for Croatian and Swedish, along with a partial translation for Spanish, have been added. Translations by Stoko, Nymeria and Bratto, respectively.
  * Added an English (United States) translation (mostly s → z and removal of "u"s). This is now the default language.
  * Spawns can now have almost any name, instead of being limited to A-Z and a few symbols. (They still can't start with underscores, which are reserved.) Because they can now contain spaces, Events can only spawn to a single spawn each, instead of a list, and [SlashCommands /addspawn] and /delspawn now take a single spawn name, instead of a list. Requested by many people, including Nathan Corbier and AnneLions.
  * The screen shown when Potato is open with no connections has been spruced up, as it was rather plain and dull before. Suggested by Paige.
  * Spawn windows didn't have mouse-over timestamps like the main output window. Reported by Damian Karver.
  * Events no longer add strings they send to the MUSH to the Input History. Suggested by analoghuman.
  * You can now [Logging log] the output buffer as HTML, to keep ANSI colours, etc.
  * When the 'Activity in <World>' notifications were turned on, it was possible for stray timestamps to be left dotted throughout the output window, causing anything that used the timestamps (like hovering over a line, or logging) to throw an error. Reported by anony858.
  * Added an INSTALL file, for people who download the source and then don't know what to do with it.
  * Double-clicking a command in the Input History window now sends it directly to the MUSH, as it used to. Suggested by qa'toq.
  * Control+Alt+R resends the last command you typed to the MUSH. Suggested by qa'toq.
  * New [SlashCommands /reload] command, which reloads the main Potato source file, and the [CustomFile potato.custom] file. Useful for people running from svn who want to update without rebooting Potato, and people who make custom code modifications. Suggested by spork.
  * The 'Clear Input History' command, triggered by the Escape key by default, will now always clear the input window, even if you aren't scrolling through the command history. Suggested by Paige.
  * A Padlock icon is now displayed on the status bar, next to the connection status, when you're connected to a world via SSL. Suggested by Elm@M*U*S*H.
  * Bug in [SlashCommands /setprefix] when replacing an existing prefix fixed. Reported by Merin.
  * [SlashCommandsLimit /limit] with no arguments now returns 1 or 0, indicating whether output text is currently limited or not. From TinyFugue.
  * The 'Omit from Activity' option for Events now prevents the World and Spawn toolbars from indicating activity, as well as preventing the taskbar icon from flashing. Patch by pramakers.
