#summary Version 2.0.0b7
=Version 2.0.0b7=
==Released September 23 2010==

  * Spellchecking has finally been added, using ASpell (which you must install, see [http://www.aspell.net]). Requested by many people, including Paige and John`_`Fox. Set path to ASpell in Program Settings -> Misc. Run on the current input window with Edit -> Check Spelling.
  * When configuring window wrap size, there's now a 'Current Window Size' button that sets the size to the maximum width currently possible. Suggested by Trinsec.
  * The 'MU`*` Type' option for worlds didn't actually do anything. Now, setting it to MUD forces cr lineendings, MUSH uses crlf, and Auto attempts to figure it out automatically (the previous behaviour). Reported by Chaz@M`*`U`*`S`*`H.
  * A bug in the new Encoding Negotiation code meant it didn't work correctly for people upgrading, and caused an error for people installing a new copy, when connecting to a world that did charset negotiation (ie, a MUX). Reported by Nathan Corbier.
  * /log had several bugs. Reported by Merin.
  * Auto-Sends now parse /commands. Requested by Merin.
  * New /vars command, which lists vars set with /set and /setglobal. Requested by Paige.
  * Added a new Custom Mail Format option to the Mail Window. Suggested by Blank Forrest.
  * New Beep options allow you to configure whether beep characters (a la beep() in PennMUSH) are shown on screen, and also whether Potato should beep once for each beep char (All), once for each line containing a beep char (Once), or not beep at all (None).
  * The `$_char$` variable in /commands didn't work. Reported by Merin.
  * The "Connect To..." menu now shows the character name, if given, in brackets after the world name. Suggested by Merin.
  * Added basic SSL support. Requires TLS from [http://sourceforge.net/projects/tls/] . See [SSL] for details.

