#summary Credits and Contributions

=Credits and Contributions=

Potato MU`*` Client was written by Mike Griffiths (talvo@talvo.com). Based loosely on earlier code which was originally written by Keith Vetter (Brinli@ElendorMUSH).

  * Some ideas for the telnet processing code were taken from code written by Todd Martin, available from [http://wiki.tcl.tk/5644]
  * The Winflash and Linflash libraries were  written by Youness El Alaoui (!KaKaRoTo - kakaroto@users.sourceforge.net).
  * Potato uses the Winico extension on MS Windows to display an icon in the system tray.
  * The Font Selection dialog (used with Tk 8.5) is based heavily on code written by (a different) Keith Vetter, and is available from [http://wiki.tcl.tk/16074]. Tk 8.6 provides a native dialog.
  * Potato on Linux debugged and tested by Cheetah@M`*`U`*`S`*`H.
  * !MacOS X builds provided by Yuriko@M`*`U`*`S`*`H.

Special thanks to Evelyn K. Vides for help and support, bug finding, and much much more. Eve also designed the Potato logo.

Comments, suggestions, ideas, bug fixes or code were previously provided by the following people, listed in no particular order:
  * Benigo@ElendorMUSH
  * Jobrand@ElendorMUSH
  * Karen Reynolds
  * Larry Virden
  * Tokeli@M`*`U`*`S`*`H
  * Alex Liebowitz (FW)
  * Many others mentioned in the [PastVersions Change log]

Potato is powered by the Tcl/Tk programming language and several extensions to it, and would not be possible without them.

On MS Windows, Potato includes the Winico extension for Tk, which is available from [http://tktable.sourceforge.net SourceForge]. Winico is used to place an icon in the system tray, and is Copyright © 1997-1998, Brueckner&Jarosch.

Translations provided by Stoko (Croatian), Nymeria (Swedish) and Bratto (Spanish).

Winico and Winflash extensions compiled for Potato by Givur.
