#summary Download links for Potato

=Downloading Potato=

A binary .exe of Potato is available for MS Windows.

You can also download a [RunFromSource source code archive, or checkout the latest copy from SVN]. Potato can be run from source (without compiling) on Windows and Linux, and probably on MacOS X too.

==Windows==

You can download the *[http://code.google.com/p/potatomushclient/downloads/list?can=2&q=OpSys%3AWindows+Type%3AExecutable+Featured latest Windows binary here]*. [http://code.google.com/p/potatomushclient/downloads/list?can=1&q=OpSys%3AWindows+Type%3AExecutable&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount+Opsys+Type Older versions] are also available.

==Linux==

The easiest way to run Potato on Linux is currently [RunFromSource running from source]. There is no compiling required.

Linux binaries are no longer provided, as they actually proved more troublesome for people to use than the source. However, if you'd like a Linux binary, I can provide them on request.

==MacOS X==

There are not currently any MacOS X binaries available. While Potato should run on MacOS without any problems, some people have reported issues (normally related to the program being slow), so binaries are not currently being built. If you'd like to try running Potato on MacOS X, however, you can [RunFromSource try running it from SVN, a Starkit or the source].

==Source==

You can also download the [http://code.google.com/p/potatomushclient/downloads/list?can=3&q=Type%3ASource+&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount+Type source code] for the latest version, or download a [http://code.google.com/p/potatomushclient/downloads/list?can=3&q=Type%3AStarkit&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount+Type Starkit archive]. 