#summary Frequently Asked Questions about Potato

= Frequently Asked Questions =

There are a few questions which, since I first released Potato way back when, I've been asked many times. Thus, the Official Potato FAQ (_patent pending_; _known to cause stupidity in the state of California_).

==Why is it called _Potato_?==

I honestly have no idea - I didn't name it. The very first version of Potato was written by someone I once knew on a MUSH; I started learning Tcl/Tk so I could play with it, and ended up spending several years and much of my sanity re-writing it from scratch a few times and adding a lot more features. The name was retained for posterity.

==Why did you write it in Tcl? Why not _`<`my favourite language`>`_?==

See previous question.

==I found a bug!==

Please [https://code.google.com/p/potatomushclient/issues/list file a ticket] on the online Issue Tracker, if there isn't one up for the bug already.

==Will you ever add _`<`desired feature`>`_?==

Maybe! Feel free to [ContactMe discuss it] with me and/or put up a ticket.

==Potato is awesome! And free! Can I contribute in some way?==

Yes; thank you! I gratefully accept [http://www.keyboardzombie.com/donate donations] of anything which can be traded for food, and also have a few wishlists at various places.

_Note:_ Unfortunately, I'm no longer able to accept your first-born son. There's far too much paperwork involved, and quite a mess if you forget to put air-holes in the box before mailing him. Sorry.

==Can I do any scripting in Potato?==

Yes! Some scripting can be achieved via the [SlashCommands /commands]; anything more complex can be done with custom Tcl code. If there's something you'd like to do but you're not sure how, [ContactMe let me know] and I'll help if I can. However, I do have limited time, so can't always promise to do giant custom scripts just for you. No harm in asking, though.

==If it's called _Potato_, why is the logo a peanut?==

Don't be absurd; everyone knows peanuts wear top hats and monocles, not baseball caps.

==Why should I use _Potato_ instead of _`<`other client`>`_?==

Potato rivals most other clients in terms of [Features features], runs on Windows, Linux and MacOS X, is totally free (unless you're feeling generous _`*`nudge nudge wink wink`*`_), and is one of only a handful of MUSH clients which is still being updated.

==Why doesn't Potato work on my favourite MUD?==

I have recently found out that Potato doesn't always work nicely on MUDs, which do things a little differently to MUSHes. This should be resolved in the next release or two, though - sorry for the inconvenience!

==Help!==

If you have any problems, questions, etc, that aren't covered here or elsewhere in the helpfiles, [ContactMe get in touch] and I shall endeavour to do what I can. 

==Why is this FAQ so dull? Why no nudity!?==

Although Kitai did try and convince me to add more pizzazz`*` (his words, not mine), I had to decide against it in the end. Sorry, Kitai. Besides, if you've read this far, you're probably interested enough in Potato that I don't need to lure you in with nekkid pictures, anyway.

(`*` If enough people request it, though, I will add more pizza. A link to the petition will follow shortly.)

==Why is this FAQ so short?==

Because it's 2am and I'm going to bed.