#summary How to run Potato from source code, or from SVN
= Running Potato from Source =

The simplest way to run Potato is using a [Downloads binary], which contains the Potato source and a Tcl interpreter in a single file. However, if you don't wish to do this (either because a binay is not available for your platform, because you already have Tcl installed on your system, or because you wish to make changes to the source), you can run Potato from source. There are three ways to do this:

  * Download the [Downloads#Source source code]
  * Checkout from SVN
  * Download the [Downloads#Source Starkit], a single-file archive of the Potato source code. Not suitable if you want to modify the Potato code!

All of these methods require that you have [GettingTcl Tcl installed].

----

=Instructions=

==Windows==
===Source===
Extract the Potato.zip file into your C:\ drive - it contains a folder called potato.vfs. Download the [GettingTcl TclKit] into the potato.vfs directory, and then drag-and-drop the file "main.tcl" onto the TclKit.exe to run.

===Starkit===
If you're using a Starkit, make a folder (for instance, *C:\Potato*) and place the [Downloads#Source Potato Starkit] in it. Download the [GettingTcl TclKit] into the same directory, and drag-and-drop the Potato.kit file onto the TclKit.exe to run.

===SVN===
Check out the potato.vfs folder from SVN. If you're using a command-line SVN client, the command is 
{{{
svn checkout http://potatomushclient.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ potato
}}}

You'll need to perform a second SVN checkout to get the helpfiles. After checking out the code, move into the potato.vfs/lib directory and
{{{
svn checkout http://potatomushclient.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/ help
}}}

Download the [GettingTcl TclKit] into the potato.vfs directory, and then drag-and-drop the file "main.tcl" onto the TclKit.exe to run.

==Linux and MacOS X==
===Source===
Extract the potato.zip file into the directory of your choice drive - it contains a folder called potato.vfs. [GettingTcl Install Tcl and Tk] if you haven't yet, cd into the potato.vfs directory, then run
{{{
chmod +x main.tcl
}}}
to make it executable. After that, you can launch Potato with
{{{
./main.tcl
}}}

===Starkit===
Download the starkit into a folder of your choice. If you're using a [GettingTcl TclKit], place it in the same directory, then run
{{{
./potato.kit
}}}
(using the correct name for your version).

If you're using your system Tcl install, it's recommended you use the Potato source .zip instead of the Starkit, as there may be other dependencies. To launch the Potato starkit, use
{{{
tclsh potato.kit
}}}

===SVN===
Check out the potato.vfs folder from SVN:
{{{
svn checkout http://potatomushclient.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ potato
}}}

You'll need to perform a second SVN checkout to get the helpfiles. After checking out the code, move into the potato.vfs/lib directory and check out the help files:
{{{
cd potato/potato.vfs/lib
svn checkout http://potatomushclient.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/ help
}}}

Switch back to the potato.vfs directory if needed.
{{{
cd ..
}}}

Then, to launch Potato, use
{{{
./main.tcl
}}}

If using a [GettingTcl TclKit], place it in the potato.vfs directory and run with
{{{
./tclkit main.tcl
}}}