#summary /limit

=/limit=

The `/limit` [SlashCommands /command] allows you to filter the text received from the MU`*` in various ways. The syntax is:

{{{
/limit
/limit [-options] [--] <pattern>
/unlimit
}}}

With no arguments, `/limit` returns 1 if there is currently a `/limit` in effect, and 0 if not. Otherwise, the output text is filtered, with lines which do not match the given `<pattern>` being hidden.

Valid options are:

  * `-glob`  -  Show only lines which match the wildcard pattern `<pattern>`. This is the default if no match type is specified.
  * `-literal`  -  Show only lines which exactly match the string `<pattern>`
  * `-regexp`  -  Show only lines which match the regular expression `<pattern>`
  * `-nocase`  -  Match in a case-insensitive way
  * `-v`  -  Inverted match (show lines which _don't_ match `<pattern>`
  * `-msimple`  -  Alias for `-literal`
  * `-mglob`  -  Alias for `-glob`
  * `-mregexp`  -  Alias for `-regexp`
  * `-wildcard`  -  Alias for `glob`
  * `-spawn <spawn>` - Instead of filtering the output, copy all matching lines to a new spawn window, `<spawn>`. The spawn window must not already exist, and currently `<spawn>` cannot contain spaces. (Note that this will not spawn text received later which matches the `<pattern>`; if you wish to do that, you must add an [Events event].
  * `--`  -  Marks the end of the options. Only necessary if `<pattern>` starts with a `-`.
  
For extra compatability with TinyFugue, the `-a` option will be ignored.

The `/unlimit` command redisplays all text received.

Currently, `/limit` only affects the main output window for a world, not spawns, though this should change at some point in the future.

==Examples==

Filter output to show messages on code channels:

{{{
/limit -glob <*code> *
}}}

Hide all output which mentions 'foo', 'bar' or 'baz':

{{{
/limit -v -regexp -- foo|bar|baz
}}}

Copy everything in backscroll from <Public> to a spawn window to read later:
{{{
/limit -glob -spawn forlater -- <Public> *
}}}
